# Personal Portfolio Website
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description: In this CS50 final project I made my Personal Portfolio website based on the Lecture of week 8. I extensively used HTML, CSS and JS to build the front end of the website. Now let's talk about the website 's code and design. 
  The Landing page of my website,i.e. Home page contains a brief description about 4 social media buttons that redirect users to my Linkedin Github Facebook and Insta profile. Below that it has "Download CV" which the user can use to download my cv. Also I added Nav tags with beautiful css and on left the logo of my college IIT Kharagpur. Moreover It contains a photo of me that decided to match the theme of the website. The background of the website is A video playing in a loop. Also I gave a css effect on hovering over my name and JS typewriter effect of my Interests. Also I made a custom scroll bar matching the theme of my website.
  Next up we have the "About Me" Page with a photo of me that expands  on hovering over it. On the right we have a brief description of me followed by 4 tabs ``Education", "Skills'', "POR" and "Certification" (I will be adding "Experiences'' too once I have enough content to add there. On clicking each user can see the content in them.
  Next I have "My Recent Works" containing 8 cards of my 8 most recent projects, with hover effect. Each card has the title of the project, a know more button, a github link and Pin ball game project has a live demo as well. Clicking more button users will redirect them to another website on that Project. For now Individual Projects Website Have An related background text "Coming Soon" with hover effect soothing background music and a button "All Projects". Below the 8 cards there is a "See all" button. The "See all" button in main website and "All projects" button in each project website redirects the user to Another that in future will contain all projects by me classified by the field they are in, but for now it contains a video edited played in loop by me of my college IIT Kharagpur in end that says " This website is  Coming Soon". 
  Next we have the "Case Study" page which is very similar to the "My Recent Projects" page, containing all Case studies done by me.
  Lastly we have the "Contact Me" page, on the left we have my mail id and mobile number followed by 4 social media buttons that redirect users to my Linkedin Github Facebook and Insta profile. Below that it has "Download CV" which the user can use to to download my cv. On right we have a form that takes Name Email Contact and Your Message as input and a submit button. Once user submits the form a success pop up appears and the input user gives gets stored to a Google which I check regularly.
  References: I used "How To Make A Portfolio Website Using HTML CSS JS | Complete Responsive Website Design" by GreatStack as motivation to build the website.
